Explain the basic structure of HTML documents.
Why HTML? What are the features of HTML?
What are the different elements in HTML?
Write a note on WWW and how it supports Web Technologies
Explain any 5 tags used in HTML with their attributes.
Write an HTML code to create an employee table with 5 rows and 5 columns.
Explain any three bootstrap components.
Design a HTML form for a college admission process. Also write corresponding HTML code. (Try to use maximum controls ,tags and attributes) 
What is CSS? State the advantages of CSS.
What is the purpose of CSS? Explain types of CSS with examples.
Write a note on manipulating text in CSS with examples.
Specify CSS animation properties
What is positioning in CSS explains it with examples. [Static, Fixed, Relative, Absolute]
Differentiate between CSS and Bootstrap.
Write with example tags used to include audio and video in HTML.
Write a importance of Bootstrap and write steps to use it  in HTML.
Write a note on the Bootstrap Grid system.
Explain different selectors in CSS with examples.
What is HTML form? How to create an HTML form with examples.
How to write RGBA, HSLA colour property in CSS, gives its syntax.
Explain semantic elements in HTML5 with an example.
How W3C standards support web technologies.

Note : Above questions are for reference only.











Question Bank for Unit 2

What are the differences between client side and server side scripting languages?
Write a short note on JavaScript.
What is inline, embedded and external JavaScript?  Explain the advantages and drawbacks?
Explain user defined functions in JavaScript with examples.
Write an embedded code displaying “Hello World” on the browser.
Write a script that reads an integer and displays whether it is prime or not.
Write a JavaScript to print characters of a string at odd positions. 
Explain JavaScript objects in detail.
Write a short note on :1. callback function 2. async-await ()  function
How to create an object in JavaScript. Explain with the help of a block of code.
How to create and modify the objects in JavaScript.
Explain Event Handling in JavaScript.
Write a note on JavaScript Error handling.
What is the difference between JSON and XML?
What is scripting language? Explain different types of scripting languages.
Explain the following terms with example: 1. JavaScript Array 2. JavaScript Object.
What is JSON? Explain JSON.parse() and JSON.stringify() function in detail.
What are JS Promises?
Explain working of AJAX with a suitable diagram.
Discuss AJAX client server architecture in detail 
Write steps to process AJAX with a block of code.
Compare and contrast the traditional web application architecture and AJAX based web application architecture
List pros and cons of AJAX
What are the methods associated with the XMLHttpRequest object?
What is Jquery? Explain with examples.
Write features of jQuery.
Explain different selectors in jQuery with example
Write a program to create an appended  HTML element in jQuery.
Write a note on advantages of JQuery.
List and explain any five selectors in jQuery.
How to change style in jQuery give an example.


